# CS-320
How can I ensure that my code, program, or software is functional and secure?
To ensure that my code, program, and software is functional and secure I conduct testing throughout the process of my software's development. This includes component, integration, and system testing as they occur in different phases of development. All three phases of testing are important because they all components work seamlessly together.

How do I interpret user needs and incorporate them into a program?
To interpret user needs, I would first try to communicate what they really require from the program by asking follow-up questions. For example, if they asked me to create a program that displays the top 5 vacation destinations I would need to ask them to clarify if the destinations are supposed to be countries, cities, etc. This knowledge is need in order to develope a program that meets the user requirements and result in the proper and expected outcome.

How do I approach designing software?
When I approach designing software, I first need to understand the problems that my software is trying to solve. If I need a program that generates an image of a metal pipe falling on the ground, then it should do that and nothing else. Once I know what my software is trying to solve, I can move onto developing the components of the software. Developing the software in individual components is helpful for testing as mentioned earlier with component testing. I can isolate the errors that my program has into these individual components. After the components, I can start to integrate them into each other which would eventually form into the full system software. Once the software is complete, as well as throughout the developmental phase, I would double check to make sure that my software still aligns with the core problems that it was created to solve.
